<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--
To change this license header, choose License Headers in Project Properties.
To change this template file, choose Tools | Templates
and open the template in the editor.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                template="/WEB-INF/template.xhtml">

    <ui:define name="content">
        <div class="ui-g">
            <div class="ui-g-12">

                <div class="card">
                    <p:breadCrumb>
                        <p:menuitem value="Categories" url="home.xhtml" />
                        <p:menuitem value="Commercial Space" url="#" />
                        <p:menuitem value="Tender" url="#" />
                        <p:menuitem value="Terms &amp; Conditions" url="tenderNotice.xhtml" />
                    </p:breadCrumb>
                </div>

                <div class="card card-w-title">
                    <h1><u>Tender Submission</u></h1>
                    All tenders must be fully completed and returned to CIMRT Headquarters, Reception Block A, 251 North Bridge Road Singapore 179102.
                    <br/><br/>

                    <h1><u>Subscribe to Tender Alerts</u></h1>
                    To receive updates on available shop spaces, subscribe to <b><a href="subscribeAlert.xhtml" style="text-decoration: none"><b><u>CIMRT Properties Tender Alerts.</u></b></a></b>
                    <br/><br/>

                    <div class="card card-w-title" style="background-color: #FDFDFD">
                        <h2>TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF ACCESS</h2>

                        <p>In consideration of being allowed to use CIMRT’s Website, we hereby acknowledge and agree as follows:-</p>

                        <ol>
                            <li>We / Our company shall</li>
                            <br/>
                            <ul>be wholly liable for ; and</ul>
                            <br/>
                            <ul>indemnify and hold harmless CIMRT, its subsidiaries, employees, servants, representatives, invitees and agents from all or any inconvenience, damage, loss, claims, actions, suits, proceedings, costs, charges, expenses arising out of or in connection with or related to our / our company’s use of CIMRT’s Website.</ul>
                            <br/>
                            <li>That We / Our company shall comply and ensure compliance of all the rules, directions, guidelines, instructions and directives as previously notified or as may be issued from time to time with regard to the use of CIMRT’s Website.</li>
                            <br/>
                            <li>That CIMRT disclaims all liability for any technical errors, corruption of data, access (unauthorized or otherwise) to our / our company’s data in connection with or related to CIMRT’s Website.</li>
                            <br/>
                            <li>To the fullest extent permitted by law, CIMRT shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages of any kind, nor shall CIMRT be responsible for any damages whatsoever that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files, errors, defects, delays in operation or transmissions, or any failure of performance of the CIMRT Website, whether or not caused by events beyond CIMRT’s reasonable control, including but not limited to any acts of god, communications line failure, theft, destruction or unauthorized access to the CIMRT Website records, programs or services.  In no event shall the maximum aggregate liability of CIMRT exceed, for all matters relating to the CIMRT Website, the sum of one hundred Singapore Dollars (S$100.00).</li>
                            <br/>
                            <li>That our / our company’s use of CIMRT’s Website is at our / our company’s own risk including without limitation risks with respect to loss or damage to property or personal data and we / our company accept full responsibility for all damages, losses, costs expenses howsoever suffered or sustained (including those suffered or sustained as a result of Acts of God) for which CIMRT shall in no way be held liable.</li>
                            <br/>
                            <li>The Contract (Rights of Third Parties) Act, Chapter 53B shall not under any circumstances apply to this Agreement and any person who is not a party to this Agreement (whether or not such person shall be named, referred to, or otherwise identified, or shall form part of a class of persons so named, referred to, or identified, in this Agreement) shall have no right whatsoever under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act, Chapter 53B to enforce this Agreement or any of its terms.</li>
                            <br/>
                            <li>CIMRT has the authority and the right to at any time it sees fit to change or modify all or any part of these terms and conditions without giving prior notice to us / our company.</li>
                            <br/>
                            <li>The rights and remedies provided in this Agreement are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies otherwise available (whether at law or in equity) to any party.</li>
                            <br/>
                            <li>This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Singapore and the parties consent to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore courts in all matters affecting this Agreement.</li>
                            <br/>
                            <li>That to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, CIMRT offers no warranties express or implied, regarding CIMRT’s Website. CIMRT will not be liable to us / our company for the breach of any alleged warranty. All warranties implied by law are hereby expressly excluded.</li>
                            <br/>
                            <li>That  We / Our company are permitted to download and print the materials from the CIMRT Website for personal and non-commercial use provided We / Our company do not violate the provisions herein. Subject to such limited permission, we / Our Company is not permitted to reproduce, reverse compile, adapt, modify, distribute, commercially exploit, display, broadcast, hyperlink or transmit in any manner or by any means or store in an information retrieval system any part of CIMRT’s Website.</li>
                        </ol>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>