<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?> 
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                template="/WEB-INF/template.xhtml">

    <ui:define name="content">

        <table width="100%" cellpadding="5">
            <tr>
                <td valign="top" width='20%'>
                    <div class="card-w-title">               
                        <p:panelMenu>
                            <p:submenu id="passenger" label="Our Passengers" icon="ui-icon-people" expanded="true">
                                <p:submenu id="trainInfo" label="Train Information" icon="ui-icon-train">
                                    <p:menuitem id="journeyPlanner" value="Journey Planner" icon="ui-icon-map" outcome="/timeCalculator" />
                                    <p:menuitem id="fareCalculator" value="Train Fare Information" icon="ui-icon-attach-money " outcome="/fareCalculator" />
                                    <p:menuitem id="arrivalTime" value="Train Arrival Time" icon="ui-icon-access-time" outcome="/nextTwoTrainSchedule" />
                                     <p:menuitem id="firstLastTrain" value="First and Last Train" icon="ui-icon-train" outcome="/firstTrainLastTrain" />
                                </p:submenu>
                                <p:submenu id="travelInfo" label="Travel Information" icon="ui-icon-info-outline">
                                    <p:menuitem id="um_lnk112" value="Accessibility" icon="ui-icon-accessibility" outcome="/accessibility" />
                                    <p:menuitem id="um_lnk113" value="Visit Coral Island" icon="ui-icon-streetview" outcome="/visitCoralIsland" />
                                </p:submenu>
                                <p:menuitem id="safety" value="Safety Guideline" icon="ui-icon-subject" outcome="/safetyGuideline" /> 
                                <p:menuitem id="faq" value="FAQs" icon="ui-icon-question-answer" outcome="/faqs" />     
                            </p:submenu>
                        </p:panelMenu>
                    </div>
                </td>
                <td valign="top" width="90%">
                    <div class="card card-w-title">
                        <h1 style="color:#003c95;"><b>Frequently Asked Questions</b></h1><br/>
                        <h3><b>Food and Drink in the network</b></h3>
                        <p:accordionPanel multiple="true">
                            <p:tab title="Can I eat and drink in trains and stations?">
                                <label>No, it is not permitted. A Rapid Transit Systems (RTS) Act was established by Parliament in 2017 and it was declared that no food or drink was to be consumed in MRT trains and stations. If you do, you will be issued a notification of offence which carries a fine of up to $500.</label>
                            </p:tab>
                            <p:tab title="Can I take a sip of plain water?" closable="true">
                                <label>Drinking plain water, or any beverage for that matter, is not permitted because the beverage could spill and wet seats, soil other commuters’ belongings or cause a fellow commuter to slip and fall. Help us prevent any accidents in the network and maintain a clean environment, so that it would be a pleasant ride for all.</label>
                            </p:tab>
                            <p:tab title="Can I breastfeed or feed my children?">
                                <label>For the comfort of other passengers it is best to feed your children before entering our stations and bus interchanges. But we understand a hungry child needs to be fed, and we can make special arrangements for you within our premises. Please approach our staff for assistance.</label>
                            </p:tab>
                            <p:tab title="What if I need to take my medication?">
                                <label>It’s best to take them before entering the MRT station. However, we can make special arrangements for you to consume your medication within our station premises. Please approach our station staff for assistance.</label>
                            </p:tab>
                            <p:tab title="Who will issue the fine?">
                                <label>Under RTS Regulations, you will be issued a Notification of Offence by our station staff. In the following days, you will receive a Notice of Offence by the Land Transport Authority (LTA) to compound or settle your fine.</label>
                            </p:tab>
                            <p:tab title="Can I make an appeal?">
                                <label>Yes, you can. LTA reviews and approves all appeals. You may contact them through the following channels: 
                                    <br/>
                                    Hotline: 1800-CALL LTA (1800-2255 582)
                                    <br/>
                                    Email: feedback@lta.gov.ci
                                    <br/>
                                    Address: Land Transport Authority, 10 Leshi Ave, Coral Island 125771</label>
                            </p:tab>
                        </p:accordionPanel>
                        <br/><h3><b>Photography and filming of video within CIMRT premises</b></h3>
                        <p:accordionPanel multiple="true">
                            <p:tab title="Can I take photographs or videos within SMRT train stations and bus interchanges?">
                                <label>Yes, if it is for personal use and all photographs and/or videos are taken at public access areas for non-commercial purposes.<br/><br/>
                                    If you are using the photographs and/or videos for commercial or any other purposes such as academic projects, media productions or wedding photoshoots, please obtain our written consent before proceeding with your photography and/or filming.</label>
                            </p:tab>
                            <p:tab title="How do I obtain the necessary clearance?">
                                <label>You may send your request to customer_relations@cimrt.com.ci, indicating clearly the date and time, specific venue, purpose of your filming or photography session, duration, size of crew and list of equipment involved. You should also provide a synopsis, script and storyboard for approval. A minimum of fifteen (15) working days is required to review your request to carrying filming or photography. This includes facilitating necessary clearances with the departments and authorities before we are able to assist with arrangements for the filming or photography session.</label>
                            </p:tab>
                            <p:tab title="Are there any others details I need to take note of?">
                                <label>Filming and photography can be done only on weekdays, excluding Public Holidays, and between 10am and 4pm.
                                    <br/><br/>
                                    It must not cause inconvenience and/or danger to all CIMRT staff and passengers, or hinder passenger movement within CIMRT premises. 
                                    <br/><br/>
                                    In the event of any dispute, decisions and actions taken by our station and security staff shall be final.</label>
                            </p:tab>
                        </p:accordionPanel>
                    </div>
                </td>
            </tr>
        </table>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
